README.md, before:

# Proxy Server

This is a Proxy Server for Node.js submitted as the pre-work requirement for CoderSchool.

Time spent: 8h

Completed:

* [x] Required: Requests to port `8000` are echoed back with the same HTTP headers and body
* [x] Required: Requests/reponses are proxied to/from the destination server
* [x] Required: The destination server is configurable via the `--host`, `--port`  or `--url` arguments
* [X] Required: The destination server is configurable via the `x-destination-url` header
* [x] Required: Client requests and respones are printed to stdout
* [x] Required: The `--log` argument outputs all logs to the file specified instead of stdout

Walkthrough Gif:

![Video Walkthrough](walkthrough.gif)

## Starting the Server

```bash
node index.js
```

## Features

### Echo Server:

```bash
curl -v -X POST http://127.0.0.1:8000 -d "hello self" -H "x-asdf: yodawg"
* Rebuilt URL to: http://127.0.0.1:8000/
* Hostname was NOT found in DNS cache
*   Trying 127.0.0.1...
* Connected to 127.0.0.1 (127.0.0.1) port 8000 (#0)
> POST / HTTP/1.1
> User-Agent: curl/7.37.1
> Host: 127.0.0.1:8000
> Accept: */*
> x-asdf: yodawg
> Content-Length: 10
> Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
> 
* upload completely sent off: 10 out of 10 bytes
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< user-agent: curl/7.37.1
< host: 127.0.0.1:8000
< accept: */*
< x-asdf: yodawg
< content-length: 10
< content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
< Date: Mon, 13 Apr 2015 00:45:50 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
< 
* Connection #0 to host 127.0.0.1 left intact
hello self
```

### Proxy Server:

Port 8001 will proxy to the echo server on port 8000.

```bash
curl -v http://127.0.0.1:8001/asdf -d "hello proxy"
* Hostname was NOT found in DNS cache
*   Trying 127.0.0.1...
* Connected to 127.0.0.1 (127.0.0.1) port 8001 (#0)
> POST /asdf HTTP/1.1
> User-Agent: curl/7.37.1
> Host: 127.0.0.1:8001
> Accept: */*
> Content-Length: 11
> Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
> 
* upload completely sent off: 11 out of 11 bytes
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< user-agent: curl/7.37.1
< host: 127.0.0.1:8001
< accept: */*
< content-length: 11
< content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
< connection: close
< date: Mon, 13 Apr 2015 02:03:29 GMT
< 
* Closing connection 0
hello proxy
```

### Configuration:

#### CLI Arguments:

The following CLI arguments are supported:

##### `--host`

The host of the destination server. Defaults to `127.0.0.1`.

##### `--port`

The port of the destination server. Defaults to `80` or `8000` when a host is not specified.

##### `--url`

A single url that overrides the above. E.g: `google.com`

##### `--log`

Specify a file path to redirect logging to.

#### Headers

The follow http header(s) are supported:

##### `x-destination-url`

Specify the destination url on a per request basis. Overrides and follows the same format as the `--url` argument.

Commit message:

Add optional walkthrough video and update README.md

README.md, after:

# Proxy Server

This is a Proxy Server for Node.js submitted as the pre-work requirement for CoderSchool.

Time spent: 8h

Completed:

* [x] Required: Requests to port `8000` are echoed back with the same HTTP headers and body
* [x] Required: Requests/reponses are proxied to/from the destination server
* [x] Required: The destination server is configurable via the `--host`, `--port`  or `--url` arguments
* [X] Required: The destination server is configurable via the `x-destination-url` header
* [x] Required: Client requests and respones are printed to stdout
* [x] Required: The `--log` argument outputs all logs to the file specified instead of stdout
* [x] Optional: The `--exec` argument proxies stdin/stdout to/from the destination program
* [x] Optional: `-h` argument prints CLI API

Walkthrough Gif:

![Video Walkthrough](walkthrough.gif)

Walkthrough optional features

![Video Walkthrough](walkthrough2.gif)

## Starting the Server

```bash
node index.js
```

## Features

### Echo Server:

```bash
curl -v -X POST http://127.0.0.1:8000 -d "hello self" -H "x-asdf: yodawg"
* Rebuilt URL to: http://127.0.0.1:8000/
* Hostname was NOT found in DNS cache
*   Trying 127.0.0.1...
* Connected to 127.0.0.1 (127.0.0.1) port 8000 (#0)
> POST / HTTP/1.1
> User-Agent: curl/7.37.1
> Host: 127.0.0.1:8000
> Accept: */*
> x-asdf: yodawg
> Content-Length: 10
> Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
> 
* upload completely sent off: 10 out of 10 bytes
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< user-agent: curl/7.37.1
< host: 127.0.0.1:8000
< accept: */*
< x-asdf: yodawg
< content-length: 10
< content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
< Date: Mon, 13 Apr 2015 00:45:50 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
< 
* Connection #0 to host 127.0.0.1 left intact
hello self
```

### Proxy Server:

Port 8001 will proxy to the echo server on port 8000.

```bash
curl -v http://127.0.0.1:8001/asdf -d "hello proxy"
* Hostname was NOT found in DNS cache
*   Trying 127.0.0.1...
* Connected to 127.0.0.1 (127.0.0.1) port 8001 (#0)
> POST /asdf HTTP/1.1
> User-Agent: curl/7.37.1
> Host: 127.0.0.1:8001
> Accept: */*
> Content-Length: 11
> Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
> 
* upload completely sent off: 11 out of 11 bytes
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< user-agent: curl/7.37.1
< host: 127.0.0.1:8001
< accept: */*
< content-length: 11
< content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
< connection: close
< date: Mon, 13 Apr 2015 02:03:29 GMT
< 
* Closing connection 0
hello proxy
```

### Configuration:

#### CLI Arguments:

The following CLI arguments are supported:
##### `--help`

Show help.

##### `--host`

The host of the destination server. Defaults to `127.0.0.1`.

##### `--port`

The port of the destination server. Defaults to `80` or `8000` when a host is not specified.

##### `--url`

A single url that overrides the above. E.g: `google.com`

##### `--log`

Specify a file path to redirect logging to.

##### `--exec`

Execute command.

#### Headers

The follow http header(s) are supported:

##### `x-destination-url`

Specify the destination url on a per request basis. Overrides and follows the same format as the `--url` argument.
